addr2line: add page (#4761)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/addr2line.md

# addr2line

> Convert addresses of a binary into file names and line numbers.

> - Get the file name and line number of an instruction address of an executable in the source code:

Reviewer: Maybe this is better
```suggestion
- Display the filename and line number of the source code from an instruction address of an executable:
```

Reviewer: Otherwise:
```suggestion
- Display the filename and line number from an instruction address of an executable in the source code:
```

> `addr2line --exe=<executable> <address>`

Reviewer: we use `{{}}` for tokens:
```suggestion
`addr2line --exe={{path/to/executable}} {{address}}`
```

> - Also show the function name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display function name, filename and line number:
```

> `addr2line --exe=<executable> --functions <address>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`addr2line --exe={{path/to/executable}} --functions {{address}}`
```

- Demangle function name for C++ code:

> `addr2line --exe=<executable> --functions --demangle <address>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`addr2line --exe={{path/to/executable}} --functions --demangle {{address}}`
```
